Feature/1 jdbc connection (#2)
exasol/exasol-testcontainers: README.md

[![Code Smells](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=com.exasol%3Aexasol-testcontainers&metric=code_smells)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=com.exasol%3Aexasol-testcontainers)
[![Coverage](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=com.exasol%3Aexasol-testcontainers&metric=coverage)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=com.exasol%3Aexasol-testcontainers)
[![Duplicated Lines (%)](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=com.exasol%3Aexasol-testcontainers&metric=duplicated_lines_density)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=com.exasol%3Aexasol-testcontainers)
[![Lines of Code](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=com.exasol%3Aexasol-testcontainers&metric=ncloc)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=com.exasol%3Aexasol-testcontainers)

This project provides an abstraction to Exasol running on Docker for the purpose of integration testing based on [Java Testcontainers](https://www.testcontainers.org).

You can create a dockerized instance of Exasol with a few Java commands from within the test framework (e.g. [JUnit](https://junit.org)).

## Dependencies

### Run Time Dependencies

> Running the Virtual Schema requires a Java Runtime version 9 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running the Exasol Testcontainers requires a Java Runtime version 9 or later.
```
